[DOC-7251] Private clusters and CMEK are GA (#16553)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/releases/cloud/2023-03-31.md

## March 31, 2023

<h3> Security updates </h3>

- [Private {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} Clusters](/docs/cockroachcloud/private-clusters.html) are generally available for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }}. A private cluster's nodes have no public IP addresses.

> - [Customer-Managed Encryption Keys (CMEK)](/docs/cockroachcloud/cmek.html) is generally available for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} private clusters. CMEK allows you to protect data at rest in a {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster using a cryptographic key that is entirely within your control, hosted in a supported key-management system (KMS) platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Customer-Managed Encryption Keys (CMEK)](/docs/cockroachcloud/cmek.html) is generally available for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} private clusters. CMEK allows you to protect data at rest in a {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster using a cryptographic key that is entirely within your control, hosted in a supported cloud provider key-management system (KMS).
```
